TRICK OR TRACK — SHAREABLE WINDOWS PROTOTYPE

1. Extract this ZIP into a folder you own (do not run inside the ZIP).
2. Install Node.js 22 or newer from https://nodejs.org if not installed.
3. Double-click Start-Trick-or-Track.cmd.
4. Open http://127.0.0.1:4173 in your browser.
5. Keep the server window open. Close it or press Ctrl+C to stop.

No npm dependency installation is needed. Node.js is not bundled.
If port 4173 is already in use, stop the other copy before starting.

WHAT IS INCLUDED
Sample RPMs, Requirements, Initiatives, Epics, architecture diagrams,
Jira ticket import, ticket creation, and configurable daily reconciliation.

CONNECT YOUR OWN JIRA
Open Jira in the navigation. Enter your site URL, project key, account email,
and API token. The package contains no preconfigured account or credentials.
Imported tickets are separate from the sample workspace. Review ticket
creation before submitting: it creates a real Jira issue.

DAILY REFRESH
Optional: enable encrypted credential retention and configure your exact
Jira issue/link types. Daily refresh requires this Windows computer and
the local server to be running. Missed work is checked on server restart.
Windows account protection encrypts the retained token. Automatic writes
must be explicitly configured; uncertain mappings remain review items.

DATA AND SHARING
Browser storage holds sample edits and manual imports. The .runtime folder,
created when used, holds drafts, scheduled imports, encrypted credentials,
and action history. Keep it private. If you send this app onward, exclude
.runtime and any exported data. Cloud-synced folders can sync these files.
Do not expose this prototype's server to the internet.

LIMITATIONS
This is a local prototype, not a production deployment or signed installer.
Architecture diagrams use sample manifests; real repository scanning and
government document parsing are not implemented. Some Jira required fields
may need Jira's native editor. Assignee fields use account IDs/usernames.

DEVELOPMENT
Application code is included. Run tests with:
node --test tests/domain.test.mjs tests/jira.test.mjs tests/automation.test.mjs tests/tickets.test.mjs
